[WIP] Add Metadata Support (#4834)
tektoncd/pipeline: docs/pipelineruns.md

<!-- toc -->

> - [PipelineRuns](#pipelineruns)

Reviewer: not a big deal, but generally it's preferred for a PR to do only one thing, so these formatting changes might make more sense as part of a separate PR.

Author: thanks this logic. raise https://github.com/tektoncd/pipeline/issues/4842 for a separate task.

    object that supplies specific execution credentials for the `Pipeline`.
  - [`serviceAccountNames`](#mapping-serviceaccount-credentials-to-tasks) - Maps specific `serviceAccountName` values
    to `Tasks` in the `Pipeline`. This overrides the credentials set for the entire `Pipeline`.

>   - [`taskRunSpecs`](#specifying-taskrunspecs) - Specifies a list of `PipelineRunTaskSpec` which allows for setting `ServiceAccountName`, [`Pod` template](./podtemplates.md), and [`Metadata`] for each task. This overrides the `Pod` template set for the entire `Pipeline`.

Reviewer: This looks like a broken link.

Author: my bad. this should only be a `Metadata` with ref bracket []

`PipelineTaskRunSpec` may also contain `StepOverrides` and `SidecarOverrides`; see
[Overriding `Task` `Steps` and `Sidecars`](./taskruns.md#overriding-task-steps-and-sidecars) for more information.

> An optional `Metadata` field can be added for each task to have the flexibility to add annotations and labels required in a specific running context.

Reviewer: Let's be clear that only labels and annotations are supported, not the other fields in k8s metadata.

Author: let me add a specification for this term.

An example for rendering needed secrets with Vault:

```yaml
spec:
  pipelineRef:
    name: pipeline-name
  taskRunSpecs:
    - pipelineTaskName: task-name
      metadata: 
        annotations:
          vault.hashicorp.com/agent-inject-secret-foo: "/path/to/foo"
          vault.hashicorp.com/role: role-name
```

> The specified metadata will have a higher precedence to keep its value than the metadata added in `PipelineRun.metadata.*` and `Pipeline.spec.tasks.taskSpec.metadata.*` if they hold a same key value.

Reviewer: nit: this could be phrased as: "If the same key is present in PipelineRun.metadata and Pipeline.spec.tasks.taskSpec.metadata, the value from Pipeline.spec.tasks.taskSpec.metadata will be used".

Author: there are 3 metadata mentioned for this case.
think perhaps could follow the direction and rephrase as:
"If the same key is present, the value will be kept by the precedence order as `PipelineRun.spec.taskRunSpec.metadata` > `PipelineRun.metadata` > `Pipeline.spec.tasks.taskSpec.metadata`."

`PipelineTaskRunSpec` may also contain `StepOverrides` and `SidecarOverrides`; see
[Overriding `Task` `Steps` and `Sidecars`](./taskruns.md#overriding-task-steps-and-sidecars) for more information.

The optional annotations and labels can be added under a `Metadata` field as for a specific running context.

An example for rendering needed secrets with Vault:

```yaml
spec:
  pipelineRef:
    name: pipeline-name
  taskRunSpecs:
    - pipelineTaskName: task-name
      metadata: 

>         annotations:

Reviewer 2: please add the labels in this example as well so that it's clear to users that its also supported

Author: good catch! let me update.

          vault.hashicorp.com/agent-inject-secret-foo: "/path/to/foo"
          vault.hashicorp.com/role: role-name
```

> If the same key is present, the value will be kept by the precedence order as `PipelineRun.spec.taskRunSpec.metadata` > `PipelineRun.metadata` > `Pipeline.spec.tasks.taskSpec.metadata`.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
If a metadata key is present in different levels, the value that will be used in the `TaskRun` is determined using this precedence order: `PipelineRun.spec.taskRunSpec.metadata` > `PipelineRun.metadata` > `Pipeline.spec.tasks.taskSpec.metadata`.
```

Author: thanks this line. think making it more clear about the specific meaning of key and the "diff show-up" (so for precedence)

just one minor update - will update as `PipelineRun` for this case.
